I chose to create a one-button game that utilizes the mouse. My game is a Stack game where the goal is to stack boxes on top of each other without missing the stack. The user gains a point for every box successfully added to the tower. The game ends when the user misses the stack of boxes. The game is challenging because the boxes shrink based on how much of the box was on the stack. There is also a randomized speed for every box so there are times when the boxes are moving fairly quickly. 
I think this game turned out really well! I am really happy with how it turned out visually and it also works in the way I imagined it would. My final game managed to reach all of the goals I set out with. I did change my mind about some things along the way. I did decide not to include a high score function or any other obstacles besides randomized speed and shrinking boxes based on performance. I think the game is challenging enough with these obstacles included. I also think it was very representative of what we learned throughout the semester. I used a class for the boxes, utilized a lot of logic that we learned in unit 3 for the box animation, and included text that we learned in unit 4. Overall, I am really happy with how my final project turned out. 
After looking at the specifications for the final project, I knew I wanted to do the one-button game. Not only would it be a challenge to make a fully functional game with only one button, but I really enjoyed unit 3 when we did movement and wanted to include it in my final project. I actually used the logic from multiple projects earlier in the semester to complete this final project. The Bounce exercise from unit 3 was very helpful in helping figure out how to get the boxes in this game to bounce on the side walls. I also used some logic from the Follower exercise to help figure out the score mechanic and how to end the game. I also used a class for the boxes which came from the Ripples exercise in unit 3. I chose to do the one-button game because I am very interested in game mechanics and game programming. I had a good time figuring out this project and getting everything to work the way I wanted it to.
I know that in regular coding the idea of reusability of code is very important. I know that I was able to use some code from past projects in this class as a reference for the code in my final project. I couldn't copy anything over due to the different natures of the projects, but it definitely helped in getting the right syntax and figuring out the proper setup for the code. This is a very interactive piece, and it uses some randomization to determine the speed of the boxes and their color. I think that this project captures a lot of what I learned throughout this semester, and I am very happy with how it turned out.
